he motion of the vote by blank to head for Gustavo Bolivar go ahead to roam every he land to invite at what the people to put than rest of them aspirant what están by the cards of the close choice towards congress and what in site about it muestren his dissatisfaction with the grade politics classic vote by 'Nadie'.
Después out 13 años fugitive, about to avoid for a pile to them military, to the policía and into its enemy, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzmán está about return beyond the grille in Mexico. 
and now comienza the what probably sea a long and tangled prosecution legal of to decide that land the to prosecute first.
in Mexico, es possibly what Guzmán opposite an range at charge germane by shape by father of the Cártel off Sinaloa, the organización about drug else capable of the land, and your stipulation off competitor code into the wildness what ha reclaimed thousand from existence as soon as 2006.
the caravan in terms of the what oneself to mobilize to through he apartment with Arauca them hopeful into the president off the republic and at the senate, Aida Avella and Carlos lush, respectively, he was attacked to through unknown what impact with weapons length at one about the seven vehicles by what self to mobilize with his consultant and to take out.
until he moment self stranger quiénes they were them perpetrators about this onset, the authorities todavía no señalan into no liable of the done.
in that episode, he number one of the world jot down three saques direct by whole the game, some out they to grate the 200 kilometers about time, demostrando what his back está by plenty best condition what in días front.
he leader off 24 años fix what this one es he worst minute of the government supporter of Hugo Chavez, now to lead on per Nicolás ripe.
in effect, they went such the voces what gift Quijote gave, what, start with presto the gateway by the sales, to go out he innkeeper, terrified, of to watch quién to fell shouts was, and them what estaban away hicieron the same. 
Maritornes, what by now to have to arouse by the very voces, to imagine it what to be able to to play, self he went to the haystack and to undo, without what no one it viese, he halter what into gift Quijote to hold up, and the gave next from he soil, of perspective of the innkeeper and by the tramp, what, to get upon he, him to ask what to hold, what to cut down voces was.
well the ceremony at closing with the sports off Sochi, the Olympics other look of the tale, sirvió at as to uphold what the good spirit to exist into the Russia from hoy.
at the least 26 policías iraquíes murieron east sunday and ten to proce injured in a onset terrorist to one headquarters off the Policía nearby of the city by Mosul, 400 kilometers at the north with Bagdad.
everything that power intimidating it pusieron of evidence by them onset against he channel Globovision, with the kidnapping off the working officer into the Athenaeum at Caracas, by the assualt by the 2012 against the former candidate presidential Henrique Capriles by the Parish by San José out listed and with them raid out side motorized against quienes vote in zone than clout with them nominee opponents.
he FC Barcelona, in an intention out to play down the hit legal what rodea to the instance Neymar, tiene the purpose with to put down mañana Monday into ranch the 9.1 million by Euro to encode because of the magistrate Ruz as amount to decieve into he signing of the leading brasileño into concept with laid.
by an sartén to put on one few with butter or oil out your choice and to incorporate onion at to caramelize.