The move of the vote in white to lead for Gustavo Bolivar go ahead traveling all the countries inviting of what the peoples leave of support of the candidates what to be in the cards of the nexts choices of congress and what in place of it to show his dissatisfaction with the set used policy vote for nobody.
Afters of 13 years fugitive, of to evade for a hair of the militaries, of the police and of his enemies, Joaquin the Chapo" Guzman to be of return after the screens in Mexico.
And now to begin the what probably self a long and complex course legal of to decide that countries the prosecutes first.
In Mexico, that probably what Guzman opposite a range of allied charge with state of father of the sign of Sinaloa, the organization of drug capable more of the countries, and his state of competitor key in the violence what to do reclaimed thousand of lifes from 2006.
The trailer in the what self mobilized for the department of Arauca the candidates of the president of the republic and to the senate, Aida Avella and Carlos lush, respectively, he went attacked for unknowns what hit with long arms of one of the seven vehicles in what self mobilized with his consultants and to escorts.
Until the time self unknown whos they went the perpetrators of this attack, the authorities still not show of no responsible of the fact.
In that chapter, the number one of the world book three direct his in all the party, some of they touching the 200 kilometers for time, demonstrating what his back to be in much better state what in past day
The leader of 24 years assure what this that the worse time of the government supporter of Hugo Chavez, now to lead for mature Nicholas
In effect, they went such the words what Mr. Quijote Mr., what, halter of presto the doors of the sales, to leave the innkeeper, terrified, of to see who to cut cries was, and the what be away ritual the one.
Maritornes, what already to have to wake up of the one words, imagining the what power being, self he went to the haystack and to untie, without what nobody the view, the halter what of Mr. Quijote to sustain, and the Mr. then in the land, of view of the innkeeper and of the walkers, what, to get of the, it asked what to have, what to cut words was.
Then the ritual of closing of the games of Sochi, the Olympics mores look of the history, do of to confirm what the good spirit exists in the Russia of time.
To the less 26 polices Iraqis they went this sunday and ten resulted woundeds in a terrorist attack to a headquarters of the police by of the city of Mosul, 400 kilometers to the north of Bagdad.
All that power intimidating the people of evidence in the attacks to the channel Globovision, with the kidnapping of the officer working in the Athenaeum of Caracas, with the assualt in the 2012 to the presidential former candidate Henrique Carlos in the Parish of without the of listed and with the attacks of sides motorizeds to who vote in areas of influence of the candidates opponents.
The FC Barcelona, in a try of to minimize the legal hit what surrounds to the case Neymar, to have the purpose of to deposit morning Monday in estate the 9.1 millions of Euro to encrypt for the judge Ruz as total to defraud in the signing of the front Brazilian in opinion of taxs.
In a pan to put a little of butter or oil of you choice and adds onion of to caramelize.