Movement of the vote led by Gustavo Bolívar White continues to travel around the country inviting people to stop supporting candidates who are on the ballot for the upcoming elections for Congress and instead show their dissatisfaction with the political class traditional voting for ' No ' .
After 13 years on the run , evading hair for the military, police and rivals, Joaquin "El Chapo " Guzman is back behind bars in Mexico .
And now begins what will likely be a long and complicated legal to decide which country prosecutes the first process.
In Mexico , it is likely that Guzman faces a range of charges relating to status as head of the Sinaloa cartel , the most powerful drug trafficking organization in the country, and its status as a key participant in the violence that has claimed thousands of lives since 2006.
The caravan which mobilized by the department of Arauca candidates for the Presidency of the Republic and the Senate, Aida Avella and Carlos Lozano , respectively , was attacked by unidentified hit with rifles to one of the seven vehicles that mobilized with their advisors and bodyguards .
So far it is not known who the perpetrators of this attack , authorities still do not point to any fact responsible .
In this chapter, the world number one scored three aces in the match , some of them near 200 kilometers per hour , showing that his back is in much better shape than in previous days.
Juan Requesens is president of the Student Federation of the Central University of Venezuela . For twelve days ago leads the student marches . They are the most important sectors of the country paralyzed and demand better living conditions. The leader of 24 years ensures that this is the worst time of the Chavez government , now headed by Nicolas Maduro.
Indeed , there were so many voices gave Don Quixote , who , opening doors ready for sale, the landlord came out , terrified, to see who gave such cries , and those outside did meimo .
Maritornes , who had already awakened to the same voices , imagining what could be , went to the barn and broke , without anyone seeing him , the halter that Don Quixote was holding , and he then gave the floor to view the innkeeper and walkers , who came to him , asked him what was that gave such voices .